I am guest comptroller Alex Rubens and please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown
Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. And thank you to the kind people that wrote, performed and
legally represent that music you were playing. Give us a week. Give us a pass for one week.
We've got to figure this stuff out. No one's making any money on this tonight. Just a dry
run of our video podcasting ability. People are watching this, hello to you, live streaming
wherever you are. I saw somebody who said they were getting up at three in the morning
in Ireland to watch. I think him and like 500 other people are watching. So we've doubled
our audience. We're just seeing what it takes. Where's the red light? There it is. I was
like, I'm not going to let this affect me. But I am standing like a good 8 to 12 inches
back because that camera gives us a great shot of your handsome face. So wait, that red
light is telling us where the... Yep. It's pretty fancy, huh? Yeah, it's crazy. I paid
for all this shit. That's what I do. I take my money and I turn it into more for them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's good. I put it into the budget for community. Robin Hood.
All right. Let's not ruin their night because of this. So I am staying at the Hilton for
a week. That's why I'm wearing a shirt that says Los Angeles on it. Because I haven't
been home to grab some clothes yet, having a little bit of a premarital. Aaron and I
are taking a... It's a tradition in our American culture. We're taking a week-long honeymoon
away from each other before we get married because we... Things are scary right now.
We're having dramatic times. And I can only report on my emotional part of it, which is
that, yeah, I'm in a hotel. I'm playing a lot of Minecraft and... I actually burnt
out my laptop's charger today. There was a point where I had to leave the hotel room
because not the computer, but the thing that powers the computer, that has to be plugged
in the whole time because if you're playing Minecraft, the battery lasts 10 seconds. So
the charger has to be plugged in the whole time and it gets as hot as a frying pan and
then at a certain point, I think it just shuts down so it doesn't cause a fire.
That square white plastic brick. Yeah, the square white plastic brick, yeah. And that...
So that thing, eventually, it can only go three straight days before it just goes like,
I don't know what you're doing, but you're not the president, so stop it. Hire someone
to do whatever else needs to be done. I'm just an Apple device. I'm the best of the
best, but I can't handle it no more. See, I lost my grammar circuit. That's the laptop
still talking. So I went to the Universal City Walk because I'm at the Hilton over by
the Universal City Walk. I went to walk over there. So all of my stories are from the walk
from a hotel room to an elevator to the Universal City Walk and very quickly back. First of
all, elevator is on the top floor of the Hilton, an upper floor to the point where I had to
wait a very long time for the elevator. This story gets much better in a second. I like
it so far. It took a noteworthy amount of time for the elevator to come. I thought maybe
there's a problem or it must be less like, I don't know what hotel peak hours are. It
was 10 a.m. Maybe that's peak elevator coming and going time, probably is. Yeah, like check
out my family's on vacation. By the way, we'll get to this in a second. I don't know who
these people are that come to LA to be where I was. I don't know. If you live in Seattle
or Florida and you're coming to California, go to Disney plant. Why are you at the Universal
City Walk is something people have heard of? I think sometimes that's all it is. Yeah,
because Universal tells you about it. They have a lot of money to tell you about it,
but they also have a lot of money to tell you about Despicable Me 4. They make their
money is telling you shit, but you don't have to believe them all the time. They're not
Disneyland. That is a shitty theme park. I think, come on. Gotta agree with me. Backdraft?
The experience? You feel the heat. They know what they're doing. They know that it is a
place you go, I guess, if you're afraid of Disneyland? Yeah. Well, the thing I like about
it is the people who are your hosts are clearly at least the times that I've been are pretty
tired. So when they're when they're doing the whole bit, well, like the people who are
the people that are driving the trams, but they're probably not driving the trams or
the people who are talking to you who are like, Oh, and here we are at this subway station.
Oh, what's this? And they're just doing it that that energetically? Well, unless, you
know, because they've done it so many times that day. Oh, boy. The dinosaurs have escaped
from their pens. But but then again, I guess you expected that because it's the Jurassic
Park ride. It's based in a movie about something going wrong. Michael Crichton was very inspired
by theme parks when he wrote his books, Westworld and Jurassic Park, which are basically the
same story, but with cowboys and dinosaurs. Anyways, as Michael Crichton often predicts
in his narrative, something's gone wrong, which either suggests that that that nothing's
going wrong, because something's supposed to go wrong. Yeah. Or that you were about to
be cheated earlier, right? Exactly. You are about to see a very boring dinosaur ride.
Normally we just go around on the tracks and you don't see any dinosaurs, but you're safe.
Did you ever hear the urban legend? Rob Schrab told me this. So sue, sue away. You in Ireland.
Rob told me that he heard the story that when they first opened the Jurassic Park ride, it
ends spoilers with a T-Rex trying to eat you. And it can't because you're on a ride. But
it tries. The illusion is that it tries. That's what you paid for. I don't have to explain
this to you. They get it. Yeah, they understand. You're on a raft. The ride starts with like
welcome to regular normal dinosaur park. Oh my God, something's gone wrong, etc. Okay,
we'll get you through this as quick as we can. And then they get you through it. And
at the end, of course, there's going to be a, you know, a water slide at the end. But
right before it, a T-Rex like tries his best. Like he's like, I'm going to still eat you.
He's like, I'm Midwestern 10 year old dinosaur. I'm going to still eat you. I'm supposed to.
They weren't more faithful to the movie. I thought it was a strange choice. I didn't have
any biscotti. I'm supposed to eat you. It's a very lovable dinosaur. You just want to
pick them up and not take them to the zoo because he'd be like, what the, this is more
boring than like normal life. All right. So apparently, and I don't know if this is true
because I think you would have heard more about it, but apparently on the initial kind
of maiden voyage or one of them ride. An actual dinosaur. Tourist or the raft. Kind of. In
a sense, if the story is true, the T-Rex, the hydraulic T-Rex, malfunctioned in real life.
And it kind of like, like Rob described it as the dinosaur going like, it's like, you
go in a raft and the person goes, oh shit, look out, we're going to have to, he didn't
say that. That's not the part that went wrong. He's like, oh no, look out, we're going to
go really fast and get past this T-Rex and the T-Rex went. And scalding hot hydraulic
fluid sprayed the people as they were then thrust down a water slide and their picture
was taken. For real, more horrible than anything. And Michael Craton's ghost was like, first
of all, I'm not dead. Second of all, meta. Like, holy shit. And he's like, I got an idea
for a third book.
Well, he does have a time traveling ghost, doesn't he? Isn't that part of his deck?
I'm sure he wrote a book about a place you go where time traveling ghosts are not supposed
to do anything wrong to you. And then on page 25, I have a feeling that the ghosts start
not time traveling right.
I believe that story about the hydraulic hot acid spraying Tyrannosaur. I feel like maybe
the theme parks are pretty good at not sharing. Maybe I'm a conspiracy theorist, but I kind
of feel like those aren't front page headlines if nobody gets killed.
Yeah, but then every once in a while, somebody does in fact get killed.
Yes, that's true. And that's still not front page headlines, I guess.
You also can't find out, Spencer tuned me into this, you can't find out for the life
of you. I don't care what book you're writing, or what industry you represent, you can't
get a statistic about cop killings. I mean, cops killing people that you can't find out.
You can't just like, like, how many times have cops killed people?
Can't Google it.
Yeah. Where does it happen the most? How many times a day?
Did I tell you this that I was writing a sketch? I also, I write for community and Rick and
Martin.
Please, your guest comptroller, Alex Rubens, I'm so sorry.
No, I introduce myself, really.
My manners.
No, no, no.
I don't know what I'm doing.
No, so nice.
I'm a wreck.
No, I'm in the middle of a thing.
Well, you are in the middle of a thing.
I'm living at a hotel. I bought a sweatshirt that says Los Angeles on it.
You look pretty put together, though. I mean, the shirt's actually funnier. The shirt says...
Yeah. I'll punish that.
Yeah. Yeah, you want to zoom in on my shoulders in Ireland?
Yeah.
My God.
Making use of the technology.
It looks like the Battle of Galway.
Why am I Scottish? There was no Battle of Galway.
The shirt says...
The shirt says, I believe, I can't read upside down, Hollywood, an American tradition.
Never in the history of powerful words has a bunch of words been used that means so little.
Yeah, I guess it is. I guess it is in America. Yeah, there's nothing Soviet about Hollywood.
Nothing Chinese about... Yeah, it really is. It's as old as Apple Pie and the country it
exists in.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's almost not worth mentioning on a T-shirt.
Do you think they mean like... What's the word? You guys know Synecdoche and Metonymy?
This idea is... You're going to let it all hang out for the rest of the...
Yeah, that's true.
What do you want to talk about?
Let's talk about Synecdoche while Dan is naked.
No. Well, no, not Synecdoche, New York, which is a pun on Synecdoche, New York, but the
actual word... I used to be an English teacher, so I can make this very boring.
No, no, no, but this idea that when you say the White House, sometimes you're not talking
about the place itself. You mean presidential power, the executive branch, you know? And
sometimes when people say Hollywood, they're talking about the film business.
Right.
So do you think that they mean the film business or how much of it?
No, I think they're just like, please...
You came here...
We needed some test.
Like, did you bring money?
It just seems weird, because I went to Universal CityWalk, which does not sell laptop chargers,
which it should have occurred to me that it's not something that you would ever buy on your
way to a theme park or from it, so why would I want to find...
They just have Dippin' Dots, basically, right?
Dippin' Dots and a sock store called the LA Sock Exchange.
Oh, my God.
It says it's the craziest sock store in the world.
Do you think the name of the store came first before they had the idea to have a sock store?
I think the name of capitalism came.
I can't...
The weird thing is, you see people on the Universal CityWalk, it happened like eight
times before I was like, okay, this is a thing.
People just stop and take a picture, but they're taking a picture of a row of neon signs that
say Bubba Gump and Abercrombie and Fitch and Radio Shack or whatever.
And then like an ad for Box Trolls 3 or something, and there was like all this security there
because of some movie called Box Trolls, and I was like, really offended, I was like, don't
try to keep me out of Box Trolls, like I don't know what the fuck...
Is Tom Hanks in it?
Because...
What the fuck are you...
What is it?
Nine people here who could all be saving lives somewhere, like I ain't trying to get in
your Box Trolls.
Wait, your Box Trolls, what?
What were they trying to keep you out of?
I don't know, man.
There's just some movie about some Box Trolls, motherfucker, I don't give a fuck, man!
You know, I did hear that there's a lot of crime at the Universal CityWalk, or I might
be making that up.
No, I've heard that.
That's what's really sad about the idea that gang activity happens at these shitty...
I always thought gangs had secret places they could go, like pool halls or something.
But no, they have to go to ice cream shops, like just bad movie theaters and things.
I guess if I imagine being in a gang, and this is probably not at all what...
I'm sure that I'm wrong about what it's like to be in a gang.
The one thing I know for sure is that I'm wrong.
But I feel like if I wanted to, it's probably really offensive, if I wanted to make trouble,
which is how people like me see gang, so it must be how they see themselves.
No, but I mean, if I wanted to fuck shit up, I might go to Universal CityWalk.
Well, I think what happens is that they're taking the day off from being a gang.
That's why fights happen, because then they run into another gang and they're like, you
come to Notchbury Farm?
Vato?
It's a guilty pleasure for me in my essays.
For human beings, if you prick us, do we not bleed?
We like cotton candy.
Now I have to shoot you.
You saw me at Notchbury Farm, and you're in a different gang.
I would, and this is why we're not in gangs, I think we would go, you come to Notchbury...
All right, let's just hang out together.
But no, there's something more pressing about gang business for them.
Well, the second somebody made any threatening gesture toward me, I'd be like, I quit the
gang.
You'd be the guy who wears all the colors.
They tell you, you need a red bandana or a red thing on your shoe, and you're like,
all of them be above.
You'd be like this red guy, you'd look like some shitty improv troupe off the strip in
Las Vegas, trying to bite on blue man groups shit, you'd have some kind of color gimmick.
And then, yeah, somebody would go, hey man, I'm going to fuck you up, and then you'd go
to your gang leader and go, something happened today.
Or I'd be, I was at the circus once, and I saw this guy who, it was a woman actually,
she did this amazing trick that I still don't, it was explained to me, and I still don't
understand it.
That was my favorite stuff with the magic, when even though you know it's a trick and
it's not what you look, it looks like you still are like, I physically do not understand
how that's possible.
But this woman had a hula hoop, and she just passed it over herself, and she was wearing
different clothes.
That's not gang, well, related, they wear it, they wear it, they wear different colors.
Well I was thinking that's probably what I would do, if I were, I'd just pass a hula
hoop over myself.
You would just, you would just zealot, or whatever gang like, yeah, I would also like,
I would, here's a couple other things I would do, in a war, I would definitely, because
I do it all the time in my dreams, when I'm accidentally in a war in my dreams, I would
play dead, and I'm surprised there's not more stories about that.
I actually talked to a veteran that was in the Korean War, and I don't know, he was
there as part of a vet conference or something, I ran into him at a hotel, this was years
ago, but I was like, man, my family's riddled with vets, and I just, I have all this guilt
about being a fucking doughy piece of shit, trucking their legacy, so I like, I bayoneted
a million people for you, while like, a voiceover played, and they, you know, they fought for
your freedom.
Yeah, and I'm like, okay, then I'll be in comedy sports.
Well that's what they fought for.
No, that's what they fought for, that's why I hate myself, like, I should at least open
a Dippin' Dots or something, something that feels, I don't know, like something, I don't
know, like a bayonet store, like, this one's for you, Grandpa.
I'm hyper-aware of the decline of my generations, as I, yeah.
I think, I mean, they shouldn't have shaken all those canes, it got to me.
He told me a story, and he's a vet, and he can say this, you know, like, he was like
telling the story about how he, he played dead, and he, like, it was a terrible situation
while his friends were dying, and he just said, he just thought like a child, like,
I'll just lay still, and he did, and he did it for a really long time, and he says, you
know, war stories are sometimes they're the only truth that we have, and sometimes they're
very apocryphal, but he says that at a certain point during him playing dead, one of an enemy
soldier who took their territory, because they all got killed, or in his case, played
dead, like, at a certain point, they mounted a, you know, they rested a tripod on his chest
to gun, for a machine gun, and he just laid there, and they used his body.
Wow.
Yeah, I don't know why you would make that story up.
Yeah, that's true.
I mean, like, you would if you were like 10, and you had never been in a war, and you'd
be like, what if, and then what if.
But he had the little hat and the medals, and he was bummed out about it, and it was
like, so it felt like real, real.
He wasn't like high five, right?
He was like, yeah, that's, there's a story for you, and I was like, that makes me feel
better.
Like, I feel a lot like I would definitely let my country down.
Well, I feel like outside of movies, probably for the most part, a single soldier isn't
changing the tide of a battle, right?
You're mostly getting killed.
You know, that's stinking thinking.
Oh, well.
Yeah.
No, that's the terrifying thing, saving Private Ryan, and the fucking opens up, and it's just
like those gates come down, and it's just, they're like, wow, that's, yeah, that's probably
a tenth of how chaotic, boy.
And I feel nervous controlling Armand Towns.
Yeah.
How will we get through this?
So why are we on that?
Part of your job is to keep me off of attention.
Oh yeah, well, we were talking about Universal Citywalk, and looking for the, well, the tumult
in your life, and gangs, but I feel like gangs came off of Universal Citywalk.
Oh, gangs, okay, yeah.
Be a bad gang.
Yeah, we're done with that.
Yeah, I'd be a terrible gang.
You know, that's why they do a really smart thing with gangs, apparently, I saw in the
PBS.
Yeah.
They, you know, they beat you up going into the gang, they're like, welcome to the gang,
we beat you up.
Right.
So then you're like, okay, I know how that feels.
Oh, so you're not afraid.
So like, maybe I'll be a little, you know, maybe I'll get through that first one with
the enemy gang.
Right, right, right.
Like, Ralph beat me up.
And he loves me.
Yeah.
Do you think they really, like, they really fucking beat you up?
I bet they fucking go crazy on you.
For sure.
Yeah.
I mean, okay.
The streets are, the streets are all they have.
I don't think you get this.
No, I, yeah, I'm like the opposite of, I'm like such a, I'm ashamed of how not in a gang
I am.
I've got, I'm like, just a, just a, I'm like 3% more in a gang than you.
I think you might be.
Yeah.
Just by not showering.
Because I'm like, I don't care if I stink.
Yeah.
Essay?
I am, I am deeply, I, I, I realized this a while ago that every time I imagine somebody
is holding a gun to my head or a, or a tiger is approaching me or I look into the sky and
there's a nuclear bomb falling down, I, my first thought is like, time to check out.
Like I'm, I'm out.
Like I would rather, you know, flip if I had a button that says kill Alex, I would just
push it.
Right.
Because, and then I was like, I feel like that's, that's the ultimate cowardice in a
way.
I mean, I don't mean that suicide is.
I don't mean that, that my impulse to avoid terror is a fault, you know, like, not that,
I don't know.
I mean, I'm not making a case for wrestling a tiger, but maybe your cowardice in the face
of these overwhelming things is like you saying, I don't want to be in that situation because
the scariest thing in the world is letting myself or my fellow man down.
So I would rather, like you said, you'd rather hit a button and explode if a crocodile got
too close because you don't want to go out going, get this crocodile off of me.
So maybe you are like manlier in a sense, or at least less crocodilian because.
I think, you know, I think, I think it's like, I think it's like with dreams.
I think that these ridiculous scenarios that occasionally pop into my head are like metaphors
for regular life and that like I'm afraid of hardship.
Can I, I tell you something that I confess this to you at dinner, but I'm, and I'm so
deeply ashamed of it, I feel like I have to tell them, I don't remember you saying anything
shameful.
Yeah, you do.
You blocked it out.
You categorized it as talking about movies because technically it is, but the truth is
at the end of aliens, when Ripley goes back for a nude, I would not do that.
Every time I watch aliens and Ripley's like, the car shows up and they're like, all right,
we made it through aliens, it was even harder than alien, you're, you're alive, a bunch
of us are alive, the robot's alive, the kid's gone, it's a bum, bummer about nudes, but
I mean, she's gone, I mean, she was taken by multiple aliens, aliens with acid for
blood and for spit, with, with second mouths designed for punching you, while biting you,
tails that are like, that can cut a car in half, armor for skin, no eyes, geek gear designed,
spinal cord bodies, a mysterious backstory that transgresses the cosmos, transgresses,
I mean, I'm sticking with it, it does, it transgresses the cosmos.
I'm gonna say, heartbeat or not, based on what I've seen in all my alien adventures,
I'm not going back.
I don't think that's shameful.
I would say this, I think I wouldn't go back either, I wouldn't go back either, and I kind
of believe that anyone who isn't a parent and even them, those people are probably lying
if they say they would go back, like, I mean, like, there's a, there's a point at which
there's a-
Parents just become liars by default, like they, I've talked to all of them, and they,
they go like, yeah, you can't be a parent until the truth anymore, because the biological
truth is sometimes you want to strangle your child, otherwise you're not a real parent,
like if you don't, sometimes it won't be like, I'm sorry you were born, I want to murder
you right now, and you can't say that out loud because some people do, and it's like
always a bummer, but, but, but, so, and so, and I'm saying, it's usually a bummer.
And I'm saying, like, it's good, like, that is the good, when you become a parent, you
turn in your honesty as the best policy card, like, from now on honesty is not the best policy,
because honestly you might murder your child.
I mean, I do think, like, if I imagine, I can't imagine what it's like, and a part
of me wants to believe that if you have a kid, like, suddenly it is a different situation.
No, it does, it is different, they say that too, they love the kids, they love them, they
don't just want to kill them.
But like, for somebody to be, yeah, sometimes you want to kill them, they literally come
into this world from inside of us, not unlike the alien monster.
And when I say we, I mean, me personally, I have to go through this and live with it.
It's just like, they're, you know, they're wonderful, and we do it for them, and they're
great.
And I'm going to go out on a limb.
I think they're the future.
Oh yeah, the children are.
And I think, that's why I think it's amazing about them, yeah, I think they're going to
be less racist, and more productive, and better with eye devices, and it's just going to turn
everything right around.
I predict the same number of wars in Guantanamo is still open by this time next thousand years.
Except dogs will be more fucked up, because I think they're just like, dogs will just
all limp, like even golden retrievers, they'll just like, they'll like have no hips.
Because they're all inbred, right?
Yeah, yeah, because we can't stop loving them to death, genetically.
We don't talk about that.
No, we know.
We are, we are deforming these, these animals for our pleasure.
Dan, am I doing an okay job so far?
I think you're doing great.
I think, I, I, because, no, no, I wasn't fishing for, because I'm, I'm like sweating, and I
kind of feel like I'm going to ship my pants a little bit.
Oh, it's the lights.
Go for it.
You said?
You want you to shoot your pants.
I'm going to do it.
You're right.
Yeah, do it.
If you're going to do it for anybody, do it for that guy.
Yeah.
The go for it guy.
Go for it.
In that, in that same vein of the like cowardice of being attacked by a tiger, although almost
by definition, it's like, doesn't even count as cowardice if you get scared if a tiger's
going to eat you.
Right.
I mean, that's like, but, but in that same way, half the time it turns out that's what
you're supposed to do in a bear attack, you're supposed to, you're supposed to lay
there limp.
So the bear stops fucking with it.
He goes away.
That's like the bravest thing you can do.
Yeah.
It depends on what kind of bear it is, and it depends how the bear is acting, but I think
the universal thing is if they start eating you, you have to fight, like if you're lying
there playing dead and it starts eating you and then you're like, okay, you call my bluff.
Then you don't.
Yeah.
And then the bear is going to be like, I know, and I don't care.
I'd prefer if you kept playing dead, but I will also enjoy eating you while you scream.
But there is that thing about animals, like you can trick them into thinking that, like
I think in that movie, Fast Cheap and Out of Control, there's a lion tamer.
Have you seen that?
Anybody seen that?
Yeah.
But the lion tamer is talking about how like the real way lion taming works.
Although I've heard different versions of this, is that the lions don't understand
that this puny human is puny because he's acting with such confidence and making so
much noise that the lions are like, well, this guy must be able to kick my ass.
So, but just like in the same way that like somebody comes up to you with enough confidence
and you might be like, oh, I guess you're in charge.
Yeah.
That's like those shitty hypnotists.
Where they're like, I'm going to tell you what I do and I'm going to explain it to you
very confidently.
What I do is a technique called mind control.
Mind control is something you've experienced.
If you've ever been on the freeway, you've experienced what's called highway hypnosis.
Highway hypnosis.
I'm never going to say the word, um, I'm never going to say the word, er, I'm never
going to exhibit any insecurity sleep.
Uh, he slept.
He did it.
It really worked.
I, I, I did what I, I, I had this Armenian plumber neighbor that I loved and he like
won one of those comedy contests and we went to the ice house in Pasadena because he won
a comedy contest, which means they're pay for in the house and it was literally just
us, it was just me and my plumber neighbor and his wife and a couple friends in an empty
comedy club and a guy came out and did that routine and I had seen that guy's act, not
him personally, but I, those hypnosis acts are all kind of the same.
And the, uh, I had to go up because nothing, it was like, I was so uncomfortable for the
guy.
Yeah.
Like, so I had to like, I was like, he does the test or you want you to hold your hands
above your head.
I'm going to tell you right now, you cannot unlock your hands.
You're trying very hard that the power of cement, the power of cement on the count of
three, I want you to do it.
And I was like, I, I have to like be one of the guys cause he's not going to have anybody.
Cause you mean you, you, you played along cause you didn't want to let it out.
Because my friend is a Lebanese Armenian plumber.
Like he's, he's a, he's a no nonsense guy.
He's not hypnotizable.
He came here because you actually duped him into thinking that he won a contest.
I'm the only professional entertainer in the room, except for the hypnotist who is bombing.
So I was like, I can't, what, oh boy.
It's like glue up here.
And he's like, all right, what's your name?
Dan, unless you tell me otherwise, and then I sat and I was fucking 45 minutes later,
me alone on stage, rapping, like singing, pretending I think I'm naked.
Whoa, whoa, I'm naked.
Whoa.
No, no, no, no, no, no, you're not naked anymore.
My clothes appeared out of nowhere.
Just like, just my fear of watching a fucking horrible act, just disintegrate in front of
my eyes.
And I was just like, and for real, it was racist too.
Because he said, he was, you know, the hypnotist acts, they're not straight out of the pages
of fucking Jezebel, you know, like they're like, oh, I thought you meant cooperating
with the hypnotist was racist, and I was trying to figure out how it was.
Well, it was.
It became racist.
Because at one point he said, it's kind of an 80s craft, the road hypno guy.
You know, he comes to your high school, this is a thing, you know, the guy's in the suit
and kind of smells like your grandpa's sleeping bag, and you're, I still cannot get that odor
out of my head.
So he really protected the country.
But also, oh my god.
No, all right.
So at one point he said, the person I'm talking to right now, the person I'm talking to right
now, I have my hand on your shoulder, I'm talking to you right now, when I say the word go,
you are going to realize that you are a world-class rap artist, a world-class rap artist.
You are a world-class rap artist.
You are a rapper, however, you are a Chinese.
You are a Chinese person.
That's what he did.
So it's like double fucking like, like the rap I can do without, but he wants me to do
gibberish Chinese.
There's no way, and he's going to stand there in his fucking suit and play a beat, which
he did while I fucking did rap rap, gibberish Chinese, absolutely no way to do it to tastefully.
It's no way.
It's cancel Colbert, there's no way around it.
There's no fucking way.
I don't, unless you speak actual Chinese and even then someone's going to go, this seems
racist because admit it, sometimes they seem racist when they speak real Chinese to us.
Very offensive.
The progressive white people.
We go like, Jesus, that's your national anthem?
Well, did we talk about this?
I hope I'm not exposing like a secret or anything, but Mandarin Chinese.
My wife is-
He's delicious.
My wife is Taiwanese, and I discovered, and at the time a friend of mine was also dating
a woman who was Taiwanese, and he discovered this too, and he's black.
There's a thing that people say in Chinese that sounds like the N word, and they say
it a lot like, oh, so they'll be like, I've put myself in a corner, I'm going to imitate
speaking Chinese, but it would be like, they say it a lot.
And I've heard stories about people getting in trouble for it because you're-
In an elevator?
Yeah.
But the best is though that it comes out when people are speaking like a mix of Chinese
and English, so I did witness a friend of my, a family friend of my wife's saying, oh,
and this nigga-
No.
Yeah.
Really.
Because she was like this.
Yeah.
Wow.
It really means uh.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
What does it mean?
That.
That?
Yeah.
That.
That's a, that is a, that's like a, that's like a world's lowest stakes, but ultimately
most satisfying twilight zone, like, all right, and it could, what was that?
Yeah.
I'm like, whoo.
What's great is that, is that, is that none of that involves any white people.
Like I could just, you just hang back and go, they still don't know.
I wonder if they even know it's Christmas.
Do they know that there's an actual white Christmas that's not on December 25th that
we only celebrate together on a golf course made of mayonnaise.
So I got into the elevator, which took a really long time to get there.
Oh yeah, that's where we were.
Thank you.
You guys have been great.
And I had experienced it taking a really long time.
And I was like, this, this is notable, and then I got in the elevator and then it went
down one, you know, you get in on the 23rd floor, it goes down to 22 stops.
Like you have that relief and then it's like, okay, this is why it took a long time.
This is, it must be peak hotel hours.
My hotel is a five year in a row winner of the four diamond award.
Whoa.
Hey.
I, that's 20 diamonds total.
Thank you, Adam Goldberg.
I told that to Erin and she said, do you think that a number of diamonds matter?
Like she said, does the, does the best Western and Temecula, do they win the two diamond
award?
Sorry, Temeculans, sorry, best Westerners.
The answer I think is no, I'm going to guess when I see four diamonds that much like 4-H
represents four pillars, maybe of the hospitality industry, like luxury, safety, pillow size,
parking.
Those are the four diamonds.
Anyways, HBO.
So I got the elevator.
I was like, whoa, it's everybody getting it at a certain point.
Like, and I already fucked up the story because you're going to, you're going to imagine a
crowded elevator, but that's the funny thing you have to, you have to realize it's not
a crowded elevator.
It's like a gangly kid got in on 22 and then like another kid, like little tiny kids, like
they're going to the pool.
They're like, like pubescently averse to taking up space or hurting anybody.
Like you could convince them to eat boogers, like they still, they're just like, I hope
nobody talked to me.
They probably don't need any convincing.
Right, they probably still think they're great, like on a, I don't know how old these kids
are, I'm just taking a while to shop on.
Like 23.
Oh yeah, they eat boogers.
So they, so they got, it's a very empty elevator and so I just, I'm already over setting this
up.
The elevator opened up floor like 17 and this woman who was like, I guess like, you know,
my mom's age, like, I don't know, put her at 60 something, but she, she, you know, still
got some pep in her step, like she's, she, she just like, the elevator doors slowly opened
and then, and I'm just standing there and then she poked her head around the door and
then she, and then she like looked at, and she went, oh, that's it.
That's the story.
Like she just, it was like, what the fuck, you, what, what the fuck, I waited longer than
then.
And then she didn't get in the elevator.
She got in and then, and then she just stood there and was just like, like, like, you're
that rich?
You've never been with other people in an elevator?
Like I just, for her second time in an elevator, the first one was to her beach house from
the beach.
Like she was like, she was like lifted by a parasail up to a thing.
To other humans, yeah, she was like, oh, oh, like, like, like there's people in here.
Yeah, what the hell is that?
And then, so, so I was like, all right, that's fucked up.
And then, and then another guy got in who I don't, I don't think was with her, but he
should have been, but he was, he was the same age and he had one of those hats that's like
a hat, like a, like a, like a TV show tourist hat, like a hat, like a fishing hat kind of,
like a sun hat for a guy and, and he had a short sleeve polo shirt.
And he was like, he was like her age, and he was holding this despicable me minion plushie.
Oh, great.
And he, and he got in like really same floor, but not with her.
Heading down.
He leaves this hotel room holding a.
Yeah, he was on his way to see the movie or, or, or protest a different one.
Box trolls.
Yeah.
That's where the cops were there.
They got into the elevator and, and, and, and he went, and I wrote it down, I wrote down
exactly the way he said it because he was saying, I mean, it's like, it's like, you're
speaking out loud in an elevator, you're communicating with us.
Like, it's not a time for you to like explore yourself, you know, like, like, like, like,
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, like, if he didn't know that I was, he was going to be sending
me emotional messages, like, he, then he's insane.
He got on the elevator with his plushie doll and he stared at the floor and he was shaking
his head and he, and he, and he, and he, and he said, this is insane, insane, insane.
And everyone in the elevator, me and the two kids were like, what, it did take some time
for the elevator to come to the 23rd floor.
Yes.
And then it took more time for them, I guess.
But wait a minute, it would have stopped for them, right?
Yeah.
They couldn't have waited any longer than them pushing the down, they must have pushed the
down button when I got into the fucking thing.
They didn't have to wait, I'm assuming he was talking about how long he had to wait.
Is it possible they're reacting to the same thing that, like, they're saying, if we all
got transported, like, we're able to look in the elevator, like, you didn't, you somehow
missed that there was a big pile of feces on the floor or something, like, like, was something
happening that you were oblivious to?
Maybe like, yeah, maybe before we got there, the elevator doors opened and there was, like,
three people taking a shit, and then they went, we're doing this because of you, and
you can't do anything about it, and they're like, we can, we're going to call security
and they slapped the phone on their hand and said, fuck you, the door is closing, and it
went away, and they're like, fuck, this is fucking insane, these guys are taking shit
to recall in security, security, we, there's three guys that took a shit, they said it's
because of us, they slapped our phone, they're on their way up to 11, they're on their way
down to 11, okay, thank you for informing us, we're going to stop, re-root the elevator,
bring it back up to you so you can confront them, okay, good, okay, he says it's, he says
another, he says the elevator's coming back and we'll be able to confront the guys that
are taking a shit, oh, oh, sorry, this is insane, it's insane, okay, that'll make sense
now, like they were kind of disappointed that we had done nothing, okay, so then the hotel
guy that calls you the cab, you go, can I get a cab, they go, okay, I can get you a cab,
and then he tried to do the whistle thing, because he's seen it in movies, and it's like,
he couldn't whistle, and it was like, but he didn't do it until he did it, like he acted
like he had whistled, right, but it was like, and then it just waved, and it was like, 2014,
and it's not New York, we're on a fucking veranda, and there's a line of cabs, and it's
like, and then while I was pulling up, I don't have a pet peeve about this, I don't understand,
someone explained this to me, if you work in the hospitality industry, I don't know,
that's what the third degree, from that moment forward, why does the guy got to know where
you're going, why is he still, where are you going, I said, I'm going to, it's a comic
book store, comic book store, I don't want to have this conversation, it's by the guitar
center, I thought he meant like, you know, because you can, well, where are you going,
because there's three classes of cab experience here at the Hilton, if you want a level five,
you know, that's where the 20 mile radius, if there's some practical reason why you're
asking me that question, then the information you need is that it's near the guitar center,
I guess, will that help you, because I'm also assuming that you're asking this question,
because you have a fucking encyclopedic knowledge of goddamn Los Angeles, so I can just tell
you a fucking place that's been here for 30 years, and you can go, okay, all right, here's
why I asked, this is all going to pay off, but I was like, it's over by the guitar center,
it's like, you're going to the guitar center, like he's like mad that I was going to the
next time, and I'm like, I'm not going to the guitar center, it's over there, and he's
like, like the Hollywood Bowl, I'm like, no, I don't play guitar in a show, I think he
was thinking that I was like, maybe he was thinking, wait a minute, if this guy's a rock
star, maybe I can save him a trip to this guitar store he's talking about, and just
send him to the bowl, I'll run and get the guitar for him, and before you know it, it's
goodbye valet, hello concierge, did he think, wait, he said guitar center, and he's like,
you mean the Hollywood Bowl, did he think the Hollywood Bowl is the guitar center, oh
yeah, that's what he, yeah, the guitar center, yeah, and he thinks I'm just like walking,
like when more people are going, like I'm going to where the guitars are, I wouldn't
call a cab if I didn't know where to go, going to the laugh factory, you're going to a stand
of comedy place, yes, you didn't understand the name of a place, yeah, Taiwan, the friendship
place, no, my wife and I, we are separated, I go to happy place, no, I know what you're
talking about, take him to the noodle comer, because he knows three of those places and
one gives him a kick back, I'm going to work man, and I live here, I'm wearing a shirt
that says Los Angeles, because I own this city, I am having a brief separation from
my lover, we are, it seems like suddenly, ready, yeah, I'm going to, I'm going to, like
I've been down and then the kid from powder, but I can't see it, I believe you, I'm poor,
it's, we're under heat, are they hotter than usual because of the cameras, at first I thought
that was a ridiculous question, but actually, because maybe they needed more light, the
cameras drink up the light, no, it's a thing, it's lights and they're hot, I think last
time I was here I was drunker, yeah, I mean, Jesus Christ, I'm like, you know, on the verge
of panicking, about how hot you are, no, no, it's just generally, I don't mean to, I don't
mean to throw it at your feet, I didn't like go for it guy, when he was saying go for it
to shit your pants, but go for it, now that he's go for it guy, we know two things, we
like him and he's going to go too far, because his primate instinct for the, comes in threes,
he's going to, at the worst time, get it out of your system, I'm, oh it's Adam, oh that
was Adam, oh, Adam's the go for it guy, alright, okay, alright, comes right up, wow, he went
for it, he practiced what he preaches, that's good, sometimes you got to go for it, it's
fitting that we got a glimpse of, did you like that in Ireland, did you like your glimpse
of Adam Goldberg, yeah, I expect your wife asked who's Adam Goldberg, because I mentioned
him, yeah, that's Adam Goldberg, and she said who's Adam Goldberg, I said he's, he's the
hamburgler, he did, that was the metaphor, yeah, every mythology needs like a test, like
Harmontown's a place for nerds, it's a place where you can't be bullied, really, everyone's
got Asperger's, everyone's got it, got it, I mean he is afflicted, it's not about if
Asperger's was just, it meant you were charming, everyone would want it, remember, it is technically
a disease, I gotta say I thought that was pretty beautiful, that little cross the stage
move, no it was good, and they liked it because it was like, it was a pop, it was quick, it
was graceful, it was quick, and they liked it because they liked him, and he got dressed
up tonight, yeah he had a jacket on, he knew more about tonight than I did, so on the screen
there's a ticker, a news ticker, and the news ticker, it's buggy, like it stops, it stalls
out, so what it said on the news ticker was, small volcanic eruption in Iceland but no
ash yet, French screenwriter Jean-Claude Carrire also named as one of the recipients, period,
like it just stopped there, I thought that was funny, so I wrote it down, because otherwise,
as dumb as that was imagine me telling a story about that, but then it was a thing, it was
a guy and I said like a shoe, but then the shoe stopped and then the thing, Bruce Willis
wears fake feet and diehard, Bruce Willis wears fake feet and diehard everybody, you
sent me a screen grab, your friend tipped you off right, yeah and it makes sense if you
think about it for a second, I mean he's running around, the actor Bruce Willis is
running around bare feet on a set, is an actual building, I guess there's a limit to how much
they can scrape up all the broken glass nails, Reuben sent a screen grab of Bruce Willis,
he's like landing on his side in the shoot the glass scene probably, I think it's after,
I think he's jumping away from the helicopter on the roof or something, but yeah, he lands
on his, and he's, it's insane how like, it's like wow, he's just wearing like little feet
shaped shoes, like they have a little cuff on them, his pants are all different, it's
very, and a little ankle knob, yeah, yeah it's like, it's weird, when you look at it
you're like, oh now let's talk about all the weird things that they think make a foot
look like a foot, like what they think is important, there probably wasn't a podiatrist
in the bunch of them, it was probably just like really awesome special effects guys
going like, what about that bone knobby thing, show me your foot Bruce, yeah, see the distance,
I think about when I see your foot, and they never looked anything up, so it's just like
he's wearing like foot shaped shoes, what if he was wearing them because Bruce Willis'
feet are all fucked up, what if Bruce Willis has all fucked up feet, you ever see Vince
Vaughn's thumb, he's a fucking monster, you're a fucking monster, yeah, I went googling
once for Vince Vaughn's thumb, and I discovered that there's all these results about deformed
celebrities.
There's a rabbit hole, it's actually kind of uplifting because it's like basically you
can't swing a cat in a room full of celebrities without hitting one that has one fucked up
part of their body, even the ones that are famous for being sexy and normal and stuff,
which is great actually, that's a great thing.
It's like if you ever notice that Jennifer Lawrence's knee like comes out sideways from
her leg, it's great because it's like we do feel like oh we look at all these magazines
and all that shit is like oh it's all fake, and yeah there's a lot of people with way
better asses than you, but they gotta fucked up, there's something fucked up man, their
kidney's gonna explode or something, they're monsters like you, because you just can't,
it's just a crap shoot, it's just like a big fucking like, you're just building a person
from scratch every time, there's never nothing wrong with them.
The most beautiful people in the world are still disgusting meat sex, yeah, gross blobs
of fucking like chaotic flesh, any minute now could just explode in any part of it,
and that part of it is like technically like some absorbed sibling that they'll never
know they had.
Oh and Wilson has a fucking tooth on his shoulder that like kind of is like are you gonna finish
that?
Wasn't I talking to you about my wife and I were watching this old documentary about
that, it's called I am not a freak, you can watch it on YouTube, and there's this Chinese
guy who has his twin's head on his neck, like it's like sort of a head, but the thing that's
the most I would like to look at it like his body is on his twin's neck, as a 21st century
guy, the doctors killed him, they got rid of him and left the twin, but the thing that
was really freaky is that when he, I'm not blaming you, but I mean if you had a face
on your neck, it wouldn't be an awe, the day it was removed, like it's not, when the primary
face moved his lips, the other face moved its lips, yeah, it was cute, I feel like that's
an old thing or maybe that's something that happens in the world's most populous country
or something, but when I was a kid, there was a guy with that exact situation, it might
be the same guy, super power, I don't know how they view it over there, but there was
the same guy, maybe he was like a hippie back then, maybe he was like hey man I'm 23, let's
fuck it up, what do you think Pablo, I'm angry, that's why he grew the, and now you saw the
documentary he was like get it off, its eyes follow me everywhere, well it is, it's scary
and fascinating because the reason that was there and the reason that the lips were in
sync was that that's how identical twins work, you start as the same being and you split,
so if you split improperly, well I don't want to say improperly, differently, if you split
differently then you could still have the same brain was controlling two heads that
were not supposed to, or were, twins are monsters there, which weird, I don't see anybody talking
about this, how the fertility revolution is like, lots and lots of twins and driplets,
you now just meet, probably everybody in this room knows three people who have had twins,
but you know it is not more common, I think if I'm not wrong about this is identical twins
because fertility drugs make you likelier to have multiple eggs, and that's what's uncomfortable
too, but also kind of uplifting because hey this is what life is about, but I was just
learning this from our friend Clay at work, his wife just had twins a year ago and it's
like, I never got that, I thought they were like, I don't know, I just thought they were
injecting the mother with super fertility juice or something and it just made her so fertile
that there were kids growing everywhere, like I'll take that sperm cell, that's my cell,
but they're actually, they're implanting blastocysts or whatever, zygotes, in the lining
of the womb, anticipating that most of them won't stick, but I mean that's life, a lot
of them don't, not everybody has twins, and that's why you get those octomoms and stuff,
those octomoms, yeah all those octomoms, is because sometimes they'll keep pushing it,
and as we have established on this show, doctors have absolutely no, they're identical to serial
killers, but they had a support system, you can find a doctor that'll be like, well maybe
if we put nine babies in there, I feel like you got a 10% chance, so nine babies will
equal one baby, and they're like, it's all nine babies, and he's like, well call the
press, I'm an amazing doctor, well, you spent all the time wondering if you could do it,
you didn't have to think if you should, if you should, if you should, I didn't have a
table to go bloom, speaking of Jeff Goldblum, let's bring out our Jeff Goldblum, Spencer
Crittenden. The usual gauntlet I run up here is now occupied by camera obstacles, it's
the price of success, I guess it's the price of success, how are you guys doing, what were
you talking about, doctors, elevators, yeah doctors, elevators, twins, gangsters, I mean
I like you and very preoccupied by the minecraft, I want to get back to the minecraft, the minecraft
discussion, the ME storage, oh yeah, let me tell you something about ME storage, those
stack sizes don't cap at 64, I know it's a joke to you guys, but I'm not going out after
the show, I don't care how many of you want to talk to me about how amazing I am, I'm
going back to a hotel room to play minecraft because of how exciting it is for me that
the stack sizes have no cap. It's great, it's like the internet of things on minecraft.
Is this a slightly heightened Spencer today or am I imagining anything? It's the opposite
of heightened anything. Yeah, but you're heightened your Spencerness
which is not itself loud. You mean just like being like a giant douche or whatever? Yeah,
a giant douche, no. I think he means have you elevated yourself, have you gotten extra
high tonight? Well, I guess that might be what I'm detecting. I don't know how many people
know this but I was in Pittsburgh over the weekend and you can't take weed on a plane.
Shut up, you just got to go for it. Smuggling, go for it. Wait, did I tell you this friend
of mine was telling me about how to bring weed on a plane and I thought he was joking
and then years later found out that he was serious? He's just like I just take and just
throw it all over my bag, I just like tear it up and just throw a little bit of weed
all over my suitcase. That's really fucking genius man, that wouldn't come up in the
scanner's like at all, it would just be oh he's got lint in his bag. Yeah, well that's
what he said. Years later I found out he wasn't joking, I thought he was doing a bit. No,
that's blowing my mind. And then I was like, but then don't you have to like, you have
to empty out your entire suitcase and shake out all of it and he's like, well yeah. And
then you gather it up on the floor of your hotel. When I was, you do some weird things
man, when I was in the Pittsburgh hotel, I ended up finding some and I didn't, you know,
they always say it's going to cost you money if you smoke in a hotel room and stuff and
I don't want to do that, pay money I mean. What do you mean by that? If you smoke in
a hotel room, they charge you $200. If you smoke in a hotel room, they can smell the...
This is very common knowledge, it's all over, there's signs everywhere. But you don't smoke
cigarettes, what is it? It says smoking, it doesn't say if you smoke cigarettes, it says
smoking. Smoking means smoking, I don't know how else to put it, you could smoke any number
of things. And it would all technically be banned by the language of these signs. I mean
it's not, I don't know why, it says no smoking. Anyway, so I'm in the bathroom, I'm in the
bathroom and I'm like, well I don't want any of this smell to linger so I grab up all the
towels and I put them outside of my room, or outside of, not the room, the bathroom.
And then I'm like, well fuck, there's this bathrobe hanging here and so I put that in
the closet and then I'm like, well what about this shower curtain? And so I start taking
the shower curtain down and it's like 18 rings that have to be individually un-themed and
then I ended up like scratching the curtain rod because it's painted and it's not meant
to do that. I put that in the thing and then you know, because my theory is water vapor
is gonna absorb these scent particles because water does absorb scent particles. If you
don't have for breeze, yeah, if you don't have for breeze, if you spray a water bottle,
that's better than not doing anything. So applying that step in macro, I turn on the
shower getting nice and hot, getting it all foggy and stuff and I start enjoying some
of this stuff and it's great but then it gets all steamy and I'm getting like real sweaty
and it's all getting slick and like everything's this nice tile and it's all slippery and I'm
like slipping around. And I got the lighter wet and I got my hands all wet and the pipes
all wet and I'm like, well, fuck, I got to dry this out and there's like no towels anywhere
because they're all outside of the room and I'm like slipping on the tile floor and it's
like three in the morning. I don't know if I mentioned that. It's like, you went into
the bathroom at the hotel and you used a fogger? Is that what you called it? No, I turned on
this shower to hot water so it made all sorts of steam and fog. To mask? Because that water
vapor would then absorb the smell particles and then when it dissipated and recondensed.
Were you vaping or just smoking? No, just smoking. So you thought probably correctly,
I would never imply otherwise, that a bunch of steam would like, yeah, it would do what
a bong does which is the water would like. That's my theory. Latch on to the things that
either stink or hurt or whatever. Yeah, okay. All right, so I just had to catch up because
I thought maybe you were using some kind of volcanic, I thought you had brought some kind
of vapor power thing. I was boiling the weed in the shower. All right, so it's all slippery
and there's no towels in here. Are you naked? Yeah, no. Well, I'm mostly naked. Yeah, I'm
just in my underwear because I don't want to, it's hot enough wearing no clothes. I mean,
I'd forbid, I would be miserable in clothes. So, I mean, that's pretty much, yeah, then
I took a shower and then I noticed I looked like a crazy person after I got out of the
shower. I think you just, well, I mean, I know that you know this, you just got high
and you freaked out. No, no, but my skin, because all the hot water makes your skin
really red, you know, and flushed and then since I was high, I had these just like death
brown circles under my eyes and then my eyes were just like solid red, you know, and I
just looked like an inhuman creature. It was, it was insane. Well, I'm not saying you asked
me to help you with this, but the next time you travel and you want to get high in your
hotel room, I will send you $200 and a little on the top because I don't think they're talking
about pot, which they don't want you to smoke even in your own home. If someone's having
a bad day, they're going to charge $200. Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's why you tip the cleaning
lady. You tip the cleaning lady a lot of money. Yeah. Like all of it. Wait, can I, sorry,
just to backpedal a second. I don't want to spend too much time on this, but wait, you,
this story started with you saying that you can't bring weed on a plane. You can't. But
then you did, so you just got some though when you got there. Yeah, yeah, you know,
what's the relevance of you can't bring it on the plane? It's like, it's not, you're
going to count on that. Well, I, this was like, this was Spencer. I'm here. Right.
Yeah. I finally, yeah, that, this was the final triumph. It was the last night I was
there, you know, like it was, this was my score. After a long, by the way, okay, about,
I had to buy a lighter off of a tattoo convention attendee. There was a tattoo convention in
town. I mean, I should mention, I was in, I was in Pittsburgh to do this, there's this,
this, this like improv group called the Knights of the arcade that do this comedy show called
art. That's what it's called out of this bar called the arcade comedy. No, it's not a bar.
It's just a comedy place. Arcade comedy. Arcade comedy. It's not really comedy. It's more of a,
it's more of a misguided attempt. And they, they, you know, they put me up and they,
they had me come out there and they made me this t-shirt. It's pretty nice. What's it say there?
Philadelphia. It's Philadelphia. Home of the sandwich. Home of the sandwich. It's true.
They made that shirt for you? Well, they made, they made a small run and I think they're kind
of selling them and they gave me some. They actually gave you one, Dan. I have one. So,
I mean, you have, you have plenty of clothes coming in. A couple of people. Can I ask one thing about
a pot on a plane? Why, why can't you just put it in the bottom of your sock? Like, like,
they make you take your shoes off, but you could just walk on like enough pot to get you high for
like four days. Like if you split it up into each arch of each foot, you know, like they're not,
especially if you volunteer to go through there. I think it's one of those things where it's like,
shove it up my ass or something. Well, all right. I mean, like he used a condom. It's fine. Well,
I just, okay. I do think that, look, for the most part, they're probably not looking for that,
right? So, like for the most part, I bet you could get it through. I saw, I was at an airport and I
saw this woman, this like 20-something woman getting turned up, getting escorted away,
not in cups or anything, holding a samurai sword. And I, and I, I was like, what the, and I said
to the guy like waiting there, I was like, what's she trying to bring a samurai sword on a plane?
And he said, well, no, fortunately, we stopped her before she got to security or she would be
in jail right now. Although it's an interesting distinction in itself. I guess she hasn't actually
tried to go through security. She hasn't yet clearly, although if she's in line, that's just
the same thing, isn't it? She's planning on bringing this samurai sword. It's just, they were
ineffectual and couldn't get her there in time. So they caught her early. Also, airports are where
thought can be a crime. People get, you know, people have tweeted, you know, you always knew
you couldn't make a joke. You can't say hi to your friend Jack too quickly at the airport,
or you could get like thrown in prison. The, that's true. That's true. But a guy tweeted,
I think this was in the UK. A guy tweeted a joke. He said he was going to go destroy America.
Yeah. But like that means party in like Britain. Yeah, something like that. But he tweeted it and
after he got home from the airport and hadn't destroyed America, people showed up and then
they got him. Yeah, at his home. It was like, it was like halfway into it. You know, he's probably
pajama bottoms around his ankles. Like, I just got back. I haven't been able to watch. Why were
they around his ankles? British Debbie does Dallas Debbie requests permission to do Dallas.
Anyways, I you'd rather shove it up your ass. I thought the objective was to get it into the
city. I would put it in the arch of my foot. I mean, see, for me, ultimately, the reason I would
never do any of that is just because I'd be too scared. It's like you smell it. If it was in your
foot, your foot would get all hot. Who smells it? The guard, the people whose job it is to get
that stuff out of there. I mean, are they looking for it? Many things. Yeah, they want you in jail.
Don't get mad. First and foremost. No, I mean, but yeah, I well, then his friend scattering his
weed throughout his suitcase doesn't. It's fucking genius. All right, I can't get rid of you. No,
no, when you have the when you have your feet, that's like a small heat engine that's like,
like it's heating it up and it's making it smell danker than usual. It's like when you get in my
car on a hot day. All right, but on your feet. All right, well, I before 9 11, you could travel
with drugs like because it was like, this is a weird thing. Like before 9 11, which should have
marked the point where they stopped looking for drugs entirely, because we didn't, we didn't,
we didn't find the guys that did 9 11. But I got the impression from 9 11 that none of them got high.
Just based on the shit they were into, they weren't planning in a room with like black
lights and I feel like maybe if they got higher, it wouldn't have happened. So I felt but suffice
it to say like, definitely. Okay, let's stop. Let's let's focus all the German shepherds on
smelling things that can blow stuff up. And let's forget about the other stuff. I could go on and
on about that. But I'm not Doug Benson. But the the the the crazy thing is that it's before 9 11
when you can actually travel with more drugs. Like it was I remember my friend in Milwaukee,
like accidentally, because it was just so non slot, you would if you were a casual pot smoker,
you would have maybe a rolled up plastic bag of weed in your gene pocket. And you had to like
put your keys and your wallet and a little plastic thing you walked through a metal detector. And
one time my friend blew and put a nickel bag of pot in this plastic thing. And the security guard
was like stun went like, and he went, oops, and went like that. And started going through the metal
detectors. And the person went, what was that? And he said, it wasn't metal. And it worked. And
they went, all right, go. Because they weren't because he's not going to use that to hurt
any anyone. This story, my 10th grade geometry teachers is really fascinating, strange guy.
He was the last person in the world, you would think would be telling a story like this was
talking about how he got arrested. Even this is a strange story to be telling your 10th grade
geometry class, because I think he was arrested for drunk driving. And he's just telling us this
story. I don't know. But but he said that he had a block of hash in his trunk. And I was at the
time picturing like a like a bail of hay. But I assume it was just like a little. But but they
you know, they impounded all of his shit. And he spent the night in prison. And he's just like,
well, they they're going to find my and this was in Alabama or something. He's like, I'm dead,
you know. And then again, this is a 10th grade geometry teacher telling his class this story.
But he he he says that he got out to the little place where they're handing your your belongings
back, you know, and like checking it off. And they were like car keys, you know, gum, trying to
try to lead up wallet, wallet, yeah, wallet, geology textbooks, geological sample, Skittles
tropical geological sample. The cops just handed him his block of weed. They just assumed from
contextual clues that it was looks like we put another innocent in one in here for a while.
Give him back his educational materials. Yeah.
Guess guess he'll be trying to improve the country for a while.
Yeah. Oh, boy. Yeah, if you let everybody out of prison right now, who was in it for doing
shit, that doesn't hurt anybody. We would save a lot of money. And no one would get hurt and
look it up, Google it, get mad about it. I'm 41. I don't care.
Except a lot of people my age are yeah, including people I knew in Milwaukee, like I knew a guy
who got busted and like he he he like they had this rule. I think they still have it. They might
have just recently changed it like fucking like, like if you had a plant that counted, like they
could wave a fucking flower pot. That's an exaggeration. But it was like something that absurd.
It was like, if you got caught with a plant of marijuana, they could it was like they could
weigh like it all or something. It was like, wow, you've got a million pounds of it. It comes out
of the ground to like this. Yeah, made by the earth. Made by the earth. Bring it all a couple
of strands together from earlier and I'm going to try to bring a couple things together. Chinese
people should get more high. Chinese people should get more high. No, they'd be less racist.
I was googling. You were talking about how cop cops. You can't find statistics online about I
think I told you the story. I was I was writing for key and peel the sketch show and I was writing
a sketch. Thank you. I was writing a sketch more for key than for I was writing a sketch that I
think is I think didn't end up being on the show or maybe it will be I don't know. But but because
I was googling because I was writing this sketch, I was doing a little research and I was googling
how much does it cost to buy a nuclear warhead? And I'm like, well, okay, it's coming up with
like the price of nuclear war. I'm like, how much like black market nuclear war and I'm googling
all this stuff like very specifically because I'm like and then I got really paranoid and nervous
about it being that same like, you know, don't make a joke in the airport kind of a way like my
Google search history is now someone trying really hard to get his hands on a nuclear warhead. Yeah.
So then I just googled that I am a comedy writer in the hopes that
that like that whoever was looking through the search would be like, oh, okay.
They're like, this guy's ready to pop. Like,
if you had said I'm a senator, they'd be like, maybe the let's let's work. Oh, you know what,
like I'm in this habit of with them, we play D&D and then we do the thing. But but you you just
played D&D out abroad. There's nobody the regulars aren't here. I think you expressed to me a very
intense interest in taking a break from D&D this week. I might have said something. I mean, I don't
know how intense that interest was. It was when we were doing the D&D thing, it was pretty much
completely improvised, though, was like a weird, weird thing. You know, those guys, they have a
podcast. If you want to know what I was up to this weekend, they'll start podcasting and I think
one of them drops on Monday. Do they have a live video stream with like eight cameras? No.
I wouldn't even say there's sound. Maybe it'll work out for them.
The well, what would you be interested in? First of all, I want to I want to I want to I want to
meet a guest. That's a tradition that I've come to like. I want to meet somebody who's who's never
come to Harmontown before, maybe somebody that's come from far away. If there is anybody like
did you say did you say Havana? Atlanta. Okay, we got Atlanta, DC. I heard a mill. What'd you say,
ma'am? Hold on. Sorry, let me hear her first. Washington State. Westwood. Yes. This guy's
going to Universal City. What'd you say? Indiana. England. I mean, seem kind of bellicose and
bad news. He's trying to win. Also didn't sound like he had a bridge. Well, that's I mean,
that goes without saying. English person. England. Yeah, he would have been like him.
How do you yell England in a British accent? Well, I don't do that afterwards.
See, no, I think you just it sounds like that. You might be right. Sorry, British.
Sorry, British. Hey, English guy, what's your what's your name?
Neil. Are you are you English? Yeah. Okay, that yes was really wrong. Neil was.
Do you do you want to come up here for a second? Yeah, go on then.
Is he coming? Okay. Let's meet a foreign friend. Hi, Neil. Nice to meet you.
So you grab any one of these, it's fine. Sorry about the smell of me. I bought a new shirt
today and everything, but it was like, I'm going through some stuff. You look a little bit like
George Clooney. Yeah, thank you very much. This is a good podcast. It's a good video stream,
guest. Nobody, nobody, nobody thinks he looked like George Clooney. Like put your put your
hands so that covers cover his close your eyes. It's sorry for doubting your Britishness.
That's okay. I'm sorry for them doubting your George Clooney. It was actually it was actually
a gentleman in the back of the shelter now, but half. So you're here with a whole gaggle of
No, just my wife. Oh, okay. Well, so some random guy. Yeah, some guy just kind of
volunteered. Oh, a guy knew you were English and like did that. Yeah, people do that in
audiences. Yeah, they like volunteer other people. I go like to pick Kevin, because it's like they
have this urge they want to they want to impact the show. Yeah, but yeah, which is neither good
or bad. But it's yeah, that's cowardly. Or it could be it could be like really supportive. It could
be like, you know, this guy's so good. No idea. He's the hero. So but to be just to be clear,
the person who said England did not say it with a British accent. I just want he didn't say
it. All right. Yeah. Thanks, Scott. Thank you. Thank you. Nice to see that point.
All right, Neil. So what are you visiting LA for what reason? We're on holiday at the moment.
Really? Yeah, that means vacation. I was going to say there's no I didn't approve of any holiday
my empire. Did we bomb someone today? Yeah, so you just is that just how your vacation hours
lined up at work and you you just literally just you just took a vacation. Yeah, we came over.
We've actually been over before to home in town over a Christmas time. A real holiday when you
say from Britain. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, God. Oh, someone in Scotland that got me sick. He is
high fiving my kilt. He had Scottish germs all over him. But I think they're they're a wonderful
people. They're obviously they're like Braveheart. The but they're so robust. I think that the things
on their hands like could kill an American. Yeah, so I don't blame you guys for oppressing them.
They volunteered now. I know they voted down the independence thing. I was I was over there for
the holidays and it was that that was the big news over there. The ongoing thing was like this
upcoming independence thing. And then I saw that it was coming up for vote. So and there was a lot
of confusion over there. It was sort of like, it's it's an exciting idea. But it's kind of like,
like a lot of people couldn't really, whenever you had a practical conversation about what
independent Scotland represented, it sort of got very tricky very quickly. Like, are you going to
take out your own garbage? Well, they got they got quite scared, because we I think we said they
couldn't have the pound. Right. And they're like, wait, we don't want to be independent from from
the money. Everyone said we but we will still use it. We kind of went well, they were going to try
to use both the pound and the euro. And you guys were going to take the pound away. No, you can't
have the pound anywhere. We're taking a bull by we can put us a Scottish detecting microchip
in our money. If you use it in Scotland, it'll it'll turn into a spider and so your mouth.
So your mouth shut. And it'll put a sarcastic crown on your head and then and then explode.
Spider egg crown. Because they have that old spider thing.
Yes, on their money. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. They have regular Scotland as a spider thing.
What? Is this real? The next there was some guy in the George Washington of Scotland,
he like watched a spider make a web before he's not exactly crossing the Delaware.
I'm kidding. It's a it's a I don't know why I have to say I'm kidding. I'm like, I'm not some
jingoistic like a funny comedy about George Washington is better than some guy named Mick
Stevenson. There's a spider on their money and the spider is like a Scottish thing because like
he but I asked Aaron's Aaron's Aaron's like retelling of the story like there's two Americans
having breakfast and I was like, what is the spider thing? And Aaron like said, like, yeah,
this guy, they were having a war. And he he ran away for a while. And he went into a cave.
And then he watched a spider build a web and but the rock was slippery. So he was like, well,
if he can do that, and then he went back to the war and it went better. I was like, that cannot
be the real story. But I think it was more like he was he was in that cave for a brave reason.
And the web was a way of measuring time. What's kind of similar to Spencer's story in a way.
Yeah, slippery bathroom. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, if Spencer can get high in a moss line,
any of us can do anything. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrogate you about Scottish
history. I don't know much about it. Even though it's eight miles from your house.
The I don't know anything about any of a lot of you.
I know you all have too many different accents for a tiny little place. Like,
I don't understand how you can talk so different. It doesn't make any sense.
I guess because in ancient times, if you watch six blocks, that was like a took longer.
I think it's because there's a lot of mountains. In fact, we've been invaded by a lot of people.
Yeah, so you'd be like, hello, I'm going to climb over that hill. See you later, Fred. Yes,
we'll see you at the holiday when we talk exactly the same. Very well. Cheerio.
Oh, fuck this fucking hill. Oh, fuck my hill. Fucking God damn it. Oh, oh, oh,
God, fucking down. I don't talk. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. I can't remember how I used to talk.
Let's just have a bunch of fucking babies then.
And daddy, what's over that hill? Fuck you. We're going over to find out your fucking
cock-suck-fuck-fess. 500 years later. Hello? Oh, what the fuck are you saying?
Jesus Christ.
It's not like that. I imagine that's how. That's like sort of roughly how it went.
Yeah. All right, so let me throw this out to you, Spencer. Okay. Okay.
Because the people are addicted to a kind of like narrative cap that we put on the show.
Are they? Yeah. See? If you had the excuse that you were only doing it because I was putting
you on the spot and you weren't supposed to be good at it and it was all my fault, so anything
that went wrong, you could blame me and you don't have to want to do it. You don't even have to say
yes, I'll make you do it. Would you would you improvise dungeon mastering for a new kind of game
set in outer space where we were like space people and we don't have character sheets because
and you just kind of like you tell us what we can and cannot do like you know like we're six
and we're on a spaceship. I like it. And then we say I'm gonna do this and then you're like
that's your turn and you roll a die and you're like well that's a high number I bet you got that
nailed but it's in space so it's still magical well wait wait it's magical well it's it's
I mean it's saying it's like trope driven yeah yeah it's like it's like you can make
shit up and it doesn't have to be like wait you said third street then you know yeah I mean I'm down
all right should we get a should we get some estrogen up here that's a weird way to ask Rubens
isn't that a better way of putting it than uh you're you're reducing well nobody wants to
be a gender to a chemical that's pretty but in a lot of ways that's very progressive uh do you
think it's progressive that I based it on a chemical okay all right fine
I mean yeah I would say that's very womanly but that would be horrible
yay we did it what's your name I'm Stacey Stacey from Washington well Stacey from Washington
okay all right I swear I saw that one where where were you okay I was like well I should just
commit to what's happening here because of the estrogen like running through your brain
well there probably is one yeah it was hilarious because it made it that much funnier because he
was like they were out of control and we're right behind and he's just like oh he was angry he was
upset about that well can I say one thing before we bring him up which I think is only fair to let
him know and obviously I know the rest of you know it but when I snap my fingers you're gonna
remember you're not a hypnotist thank you very much Troy all right are you coming up he's coming
up he's got a pac-man shirt he's gonna gobble up our time pellets okay all right free for all
hypnotists coming up are you I like the pac-man shirt oh and it says no thank you
hello sir what's your name James all right you can move that let's just sit on my stuff all
right James the hypnotist where where are you from I am from Tustin behind the orange curtain as
it's called up here okay do you know any Canyon years I think that's where Canyon years are from
isn't it all right never mind so all right so you're a hypnotist I do have a caveat I'm a
hypnotherapist oh I do real hypnotherapy but that's not trick hypnotism yeah you don't perform at
the ice house in Pasadena like I wasn't doing an impression of guys that yes people yes I am a
hypnotist all the way from the land of Tarzana boy all right I thought it was Tustin man I think
your anger was a little too much misguided but as was you're bringing him up and maybe he saw my
ball guys I mean totally maybe well maybe he has a defense maybe he has like some reason he'd like
to share with us you know a reason for wanting to be up here um whatever my love is not enough
so what what you know because all of them are thinking I'll be on stage too fuck it
like that's the problem I mean there's cameras now now everyone wants it but uh there are a lot
of bad hypnotists in the world uh-huh not like like good and evil skill wise very very untalented
hypno so you're just saying that his was just a one-off and it's not indicative it's it's very
possible not to not to put words in your mouth well like sure indicative yeah okay I bet that guy
was a shitty hypnotist I think that's what Dan was saying right yeah yeah yeah cool
cool all right so uh can you make us feel less awkward
yeah it's called kettle one it's right here nice yes I'll take that
no tell us how in the in the psychological community in the psychological community yes
uh I'm not hypnotizing you uh the how you are I'm touching right now you're about to ask me a
question that question is now going to be I don't get how highly regarded is uh is uh hypnotherapy
is it does it is it it's great in the psychological profession most psychotherapists or psychiatrists
go to like a weekend seminar and now they're hypnotists it's fully trained this is great
it's a great profession and you did more than that I well I studied hypnotherapy for a year
in Tarzana that's why shout out Tarzana but um my brother got hypnotherapy and it's crazy it
really changed his life he went from being like a kind of a punk kid to like a crazy ass bodybuilder
with all this drive and devotion and stuff it's amazing but he still smokes cigarettes uh he doesn't
you know he uh he stopped smoking uh you know drugs what did he go for is that what he went for
did yeah yeah this guy that was his hypnotherapist he actually studied in India they're under like
gurus and shit like it was some crazy ass business that may be a cult you might want to talk if it
if it worked for him I mean sign me up I'll drink whatever Kool-Aid you know it was flavored it wasn't
Kool-Aid I told the story before I know it about uh Schrab went to a hypnotherapist and uh that's
what that community story was based on when Pierce tries hypnotherapy on Brita because
there's a real story from Schrab about who went to this guy and the guy gave him this tape it was
like I made this tape you can take it home when you lay down relax go and uh it'll be me talking
it'll help you be more secure and stuff and uh Rob played the tape and it was like he the guy was
like you know he can hear his screen door opening and his wife's putting away groceries his dog's
barking it's like this guy's pretty bad and then he went in for an in-person session and Rob like
he put Rob under and Rob was like me at the past you know his house was like okay I'll be under
and then the guy fell down and hurt his leg and Rob Rob pretended to stay hypnotized because he
was impeding what the guy to be like hurting his holding his leg in pain and then have Rob wake up
and then and and go oh let me get a call the doctor and the guy would be like oh my leg hurts and you
were faking I'm a bad hypnotherapist which which wouldn't have happened because if a person hurts
their leg in the room it should probably snap you out of it right it's not supposed to be magical
so he kind of actually did the opposite there by pretending to he's gonna like okay sorry I'm gonna
die and I'm just too good a hypnotist I'm gonna die and nobody's gonna help me yeah why didn't you
just snap him out of it like snap out of this and you when I snap my fingers you will get me to the
hospital I don't know it's a really useful ability in that case I think all right so that was you
know we did good with you right why I like to think so all right well let's have a hand for the
hypnotherapist guy that means uh I'm gonna make you disappear and now when I snap my fingers
I will let's give him a hand everybody you see that Rubens I mean it seems like a bit that he could
not take a suggestion right well I'm not even supposed to be that good at it he's trained highly
to resist suggestion oh that's what it is it's like bouncing off of him because he's like armor
plated okay Spencer when you said you see that Rubens were you criticizing my my uh my control
it was a little dig yeah I mean you're doing fine I don't usually get digs from Spencer yeah I mean
this is my element if I could be said to have one wait once he's posted do you think you think
that was on him I don't know it could have been oh yeah I make these people come up here well
Spencer who talked about Spencer and me for a second sure you have time I love this guy this
guy is one of my favorite employees thank you Spencer and I'm one of Spencer's employees yeah
and I know Spencer and I get along great but he did once say that he thinks I'm a I might be a monster
yeah well well so I mean I'm sure the podcast listeners are familiar with Matt Roller
yeah yeah no no I knew you wouldn't but uh he he also you know he's got a he's got a edgy
kind of he might be on the edge kind of he's meaner than I am I don't think I've got that
yeah but that's the thing that's what it is it's like that's the guy that you know you see it two
in the morning and then he's you know you look away and then you see him again he's way closer to
you yeah you know like yeah he's got a smile but he's also got a straight razor like he's a little
terrifying yeah it's it's that it's it's that exact charm that you possess that makes you seem like
he like Matt Roller is too obvious you know oh you think that I'm a smoother Matt Roller well
in that sense yeah like if he was actually doing that I think he'd tone it down more you know like
because you're always I'm scarier than him because it seems like because you could be putting it on
because you're so charming well that's nice thank you I think I think I think honestly what you're
detecting is that is that as I think is to some extent true of all of us all of my your two penises
yeah we all have multiple women men have two penises women have one um and uh no but no I told him
that I'll just get through this tonight and go home and google the fuck out of him I think you're
detecting the artifice over my extreme discomfort not the artifice over my psychotic uh yeah he's
yeah but I mean it's the same thing I'm I'm the same way when I'm yeah it's very uncomfortable
when I'm trying not to like yeah but you don't you don't when you're trying not to yeah well
that's what the artifice is for no it's not the same thing I think that's all I was saying no whatever
I think that all right no I don't want to talk about it all right well okay I've I think that
it we'll talk we'll talk tomorrow Spencer I'm glad I think that Rubens and I share a uh a desire
to undo our discomfort by making it other people's problem like getting their feedback their reaction
like I don't think of it that way but I probably do do that I probably put that in a very negative
way like we're wiping our asses on other people but like like like if we could if we could get
if we could get everybody to sign off on us I think we'd sleep a little easier than Spencer would I
think would people sign off on Spencer really more than they should yeah and he doesn't help
him sleep at night he goes to bed and goes like why are they signing off on me I should kill them
yeah it's fucked up man it's hard to deal with I don't get it yeah if I if I if I got through the
day and everybody was like you are doing all right oh yeah like first of all I would have tried to
figure out how I wasn't like I find the guy that said I wasn't but but if I exhausted all those
options I would go to bed and I'd be like yeah I nailed it for one day yeah but I think yeah so
assembly I think it's but it could be it's arguably more honest of you to be like I don't
fuck well as someone said like you you did a good job or whatever I'd be like were you watching me
yeah they're not I'd be instantly suspicious like I that's how I am with praise it's like well wait
what do you want from me yeah Stacy said I love you she leaned over and said I love you yeah and
yeah well what do you think that's supposed to me yeah exactly what's what it what's what
it makes me wonder what's wrong yeah that's what I'm saying all right she's got an ulterior motive
in her heart I'm not a serial killer it's cool oh I mean that's that's off the table well it was
until just then or am I yeah see that's what I'm saying I mean it's mysterious it is you don't
freaking know well now I must start now now I'm feeling you're not so dangerous is all right
I'm a lot safer well that's good because she's playing the uh the uh space engineer
which is sort of a druid type character in our new sci-fi game space keteers
is there some music for Spencer to uh it doesn't have to be space oriented
nope there's no you need a you need a minute let's we don't need that here I'm gonna need
audience I'll do it I'll do it I'll do it wait what's okay that's your music for you starting to
narrate the uh circumstances that we're starting in all right well I'm gonna I'm gonna point out
to the audience when I need like a mad libs kind of fill in does that make sense so uh a drift in
space the starship okay other more people we need more participation than this this is a golden
opportunity these golden opportunity the ss golden opportunity is a drift in space piloted by lady
gaga her trusty android Margaret Thatcher assisted by space engineer
Janine as well as the young upstart alph a drift in space you regain consciousness after the gas
disperses there's gas you notice as you regain consciousness oh oh I'm lady gaga I uh I can't
believe I don't remember what happened damage report um it's quite bad
uh what what wait there's a big hole in the spacecraft uh it's kind of leaking in some kind
of space the gas the gas was definitely yellow um and you're awake uh and you're uh Jacqueline
or Daphne what was your I think it was Margaret Thatcher Margaret Thatcher where any of those
things you were explaining like inside british politics jokes or no would you like me to
no no no I'll be lost I just so much so that I thought that might have been I was like it's
like is that why they were yeah the yellow gas one yeah is that it's like a reference to like
bristol yeah yeah to the hail and the accent it's Ed Miliband's nickname uh someone got that in
britain I examine my surroundings uh it's a spaceship the spaceship you know and love
the ss golden opportunity it does have a large hole in it but you can see life support has
already deployed a nano web that's keeping the pressure stabilized all right yellow gas is
indeed leaking and you you think it might be some of the quasar fluid that powers the rear engine
not the side and turning engines though in case I'll go check guys I'll go check you go check
of the uh nano fluid yeah I'm kind of tired uh from the gas I mean I'm not gonna promise anything
right now are you I can't remember I'm just Janine that's Janine have we not been on this
flight yet no I just the gas like affected me I think all of our heads are all right you're fine
fine I get it yeah um the nano fluids are exceedingly low you determine
shit
well as the uh the young upstart of the ship right was that what I am yeah I'd like to just assert
that uh this is a time for change in leadership this is a time when clearly something was mismanaged
Gaga is the leader right uh Jesus Christ well I'm a young up I don't take it personally I'm an upstart
I mean what's your name alf I'm alf yeah uh and it just seems to me that this is a good time to
maybe reconsider the leadership uh well I I just want to point out that I think if the new leader
is going to be handling crisis crises well they're not going to like you know do this kind of thing
in the middle of a hole in our quasar fluid thing you know like you might be right we would
find out later well it seems to me that someone's being defensive I'm I'm too I'm too confident
my leadership to deal with this so I I march straight to the uh medical chest okay flipping
my hair over my shoulder girding my uh loins within my nylon uh body suit I'm Lady Gaga
the ship rocks with the impact of several particle beams oh shit I think we've been hit by several
particle beams he's right well maybe if we wait long enough we'll vote for them to go away and I
flip my hair I just aggressively flip my hair everywhere I say uh Lady Gaga is being snide
but I think this is a time for a vote we're under attack Jesus Christ this guy weapons weapon
systems deploy oh sorry I didn't mean to cut you off no one of you knows how to use any weapon
systems oh I guess the android does it's programmed into him I'll push the red bulletin the weapon
systems deploy whoa nice thank god in your face my face yeah I think in a lot of ways I was
responsible for that move I like you're not on our team right now want to take a vote
let's go for it android how do we find out who's attacking us we look through the window
all right I I look at I look at alphago exactly and I flip my hair more and I look I look out a
window you look at a window and you see what looks like a comet it is a comet a comet yeah you don't
know how that shot lasers or maybe the lasers came from some other direction in some other window
is the comet moving it's yeah it's a comet but I mean where's it where's it going where's it
it's uh you know it's not really heading towards you it's space it's just comet it's it's not heading
towards us no it's just a comet is it heading where is it far far away I mean yeah it's pretty far I
mean are we moving is it moving what's your drift in space so yeah so it's probably gonna be gone
pretty soon is it is it like the life force comet you don't know that offhand you'd have to censor
it or something you you don't know that why doesn't he know that he's a robot he's probably programmed
with life forces plot it's just not you can't just sense whether or not something's like a life
force s comment well robot tell us more about the film life force there's a lot of naked ladies in that
um noise
there's a lot of estrogen
go on what happened with the comet um it hit London uh and then to make it was that
why you guys are all into the movie oh brother can we run a diagnostic on the comet on the comet
yeah yeah everything sounds so officially spacey it's like cheating to to do space impromptu
the british robot guy you want a diagnostic like you you could have a 30 IQ for all we know
oh uh yes of course we'll run a diagnostic holy shit don't don't blow up Alderaan
so you determine that this comet is made out of a 80% ice and 7% carbon and uh
what was that 13% high energy laser beam what it's not the one from life force and there's no
naked ladies all right is that so the cat i mean i don't remember this movie the naked it wasn't like
naked lady comet toe pooper was it director toe pooper i think he just meant that was in the
movie there was naked ladies they were just in the movie yeah he's not firing i didn't
i think they did pick a one key naked lady out of out of the comet it makes me so sad that in
england they they just sit and wait for a movie in which London gets attacked and then they go i'll
go see it and they all they remember is the boobies it makes me think that you guys i want to send
you a cup of soup or something over there thank you yeah but it's too late because china took over
i could have done something about this years ago monster house could have been set in the
i want to say kensington manchester it's a great place and i would have filled it with tits for you
bro thank you uh all right so yeah i just want to point out that i feel like we're not being
super efficient here i mean you've got you've gotten an android talking about life force you've
got a an upstart challenging constantly i mean this is a leadership failure i mean the fact that i
am going on this speech to me feels like the perfect example of what is wrong with the current
system you've got to try to stop taking over the spaceship i sound like the alf dad no oh yeah
if i have to tell you these guys haven't seen alf
now four of them have seen alf great job guys quick question uh the comet uh has a laser
crap 13 is that what is it should we be scared it seems like it's like latent lasers are standing
if i was adrift in space i'd be scared personally let alone with laser comets we're gonna get this
ship back online so that we can be not adrift anymore because that comet it's not supposed to
have laser energy in it and it shot us yeah that's right and uh and and and yep it appears to be
changing course see it starts uh coming towards you can we can we can we hail it hail it you could
yeah you could hail it uh i'm i'm i'm i'm going to the navigational controls the uh what do you
call them the piloting override the bridge well the uh you know the thing that steers the ship
the helm that's the helm and the gas puddle
yeah so as it turns out your quasar engine is uh it's low in those quasar fluids oh well i didn't
know i mean i did know that but i didn't know the quasar engine i thought that was like what ran
the windshield wipers no they ran i mean we could we could hail the comet i i yeah i i maybe the
lasers uh are made of repairmen being an engineer can i um engineer something yeah well what do you
want to engineer uh just fix it fix what the quasar but is there a storage room uh yeah there's all
sorts of storage do we have a storage room with quasar uh can i go there you go into the storage
room you see all sorts of blasters and energy weapons as well as force fields and canisters
of quasar fluid excellent i corner her in the storage closet i'm not physically like keeping
her from leaving but it's like i make it awkward and i just start conversationally like i'm like
you should wear more skirts to work gaga i don't want to step on your territory though
i mean well your lady gaga while they're in the closet i hail the comet
so yeah i think we're a power up your power we need to get out of the closet somebody hailing the
comet the hailing frequencies are open you can you can say whatever you want uh can you help me
carry this out i mean no he's i think he's hailing the comet he's saying to him i i might be able
to help maybe i can speak a lot of different languages yeah well yeah well yeah there's a
good yes i'll try all those can i try all the languages in my database all what do you want to
say ask please stop shooting us uh you tune into its frequency and uh you save that and uh you
hear uh you hear a hissing buzz of the of the comet's uh frequency signals returning back to you
in comet language can you translate that yes it's saying oh okay all right oh it's saying okay we
did it oh the comet probably just got got too high in pitchfork and wanted to i got just lashing out a
little bit all right well that was a i blow up the ship what what's in the is there something in
the storage closet that's if i kick it'll blow up no well there's all sorts of weaponry yeah i just
i can't i take the biggest gun and i shoot the reddest container everything everything blows up
all right well thank you for coming to our first live video streamed experiment at Harmontown
thank the rest of you for coming to our another normal Harmontown guest comptroller elix
rumours stacey from washington neil from nottingham nottingham from where nottingham nottingham
really jesus buried the lead he's from nottingham spencer from pittsburgh dustin margillard producer
kevin day our technical guru who came in and took over the place with his cameras uh we'll see how it
works and uh we'll give you more news thanks for coming to meltdown thank you meltdown and we'll
see you next week i think i think
you